info.md, before:

# Broad Institute's Single-Cell RNA-Seq Data Set Bio-IT World Hackathon info

##### Onboarding
* get added to this github repo
* join the #singlecell slack channel at bioit-fairhack2019.slack.com
* if needed, get added to the dockerhub repo
* if needed, set up a Terra account with free credits (through FireCloud at this time, see below)

### How to register with FireCloud (with a gmail account; for non-gmail, see below):
https://gatkforums.broadinstitute.org/firecloud/discussion/6816/howto-register-get-an-account-to-use-firecloud  
##### After registering with FireCloud, obtain free credits. Visit https://app.terra.bio/, there should be a banner to apply free credits to your account.  
Note: Billing account assignments are permanent and cannot be changed. Workspaces and data in a workspace funded by the free Terra credits billing account cannot be transferred to another billing project at a later time.

### How register with FireCloud using an existing, non-gmail account:
https://software.broadinstitute.org/firecloud/documentation/article?id=9846

### How to set up a study in Single Cell Portal 
https://github.com/broadinstitute/single_cell_portal/wiki/Study-Creation

### Useful links
Single Cell Portal study for hackathon: To Be Created by Compbio team  
Terra workspace for hackathon: To Be Created by Compbio team  
Slack channel for hackathon #singlecell: https://bioit-fairhack2019.slack.com/messages/CHPQENTFG
DockerHub repo: https://cloud.docker.com/u/bioithackathon/repository/docker/bioithackathon/infercnv  
Github repo: https://github.com/NCBI-Hackathons/The-Broad-Institute-Single-Cell-RNA-Seq-Data-Set  
FairShare entry: https://fairshake.cloud/project/73/

Commit message:

adding link for making Github account

info.md, after:

# Broad Institute's Single-Cell RNA-Seq Data Set Bio-IT World Hackathon info

##### Onboarding
* join the #singlecell slack channel at bioit-fairhack2019.slack.com
* get added to this github repo (share your github username in the #singlecell Slack channel)
* if needed, get added to the dockerhub repo
* if needed, set up a Terra account with free credits (through FireCloud at this time, see below)

### How to register with FireCloud (with a gmail account; for non-gmail, see below):
https://gatkforums.broadinstitute.org/firecloud/discussion/6816/howto-register-get-an-account-to-use-firecloud  
##### After registering with FireCloud, obtain free credits. Visit https://app.terra.bio/, there should be a banner to apply free credits to your account.  
Note: Billing account assignments are permanent and cannot be changed. Workspaces and data in a workspace funded by the free Terra credits billing account cannot be transferred to another billing project at a later time.

### How register with FireCloud using an existing, non-gmail account:
https://software.broadinstitute.org/firecloud/documentation/article?id=9846

### How to set up a study in Single Cell Portal 
https://github.com/broadinstitute/single_cell_portal/wiki/Study-Creation

### Link to create a free Github account
https://github.com/join?plan=free&source=pricing-card-free

### Useful links
Single Cell Portal study for hackathon: To be created by CompBio team  
Terra workspace for hackathon: To be created by CompBio team  
Slack channel for hackathon #singlecell: https://bioit-fairhack2019.slack.com/messages/CHPQENTFG  
DockerHub repo: https://cloud.docker.com/u/bioithackathon/repository/docker/bioithackathon/infercnv  
Github repo: https://github.com/NCBI-Hackathons/The-Broad-Institute-Single-Cell-RNA-Seq-Data-Set  
FairShare entry: https://fairshake.cloud/project/73/
